A) TECHNOLOGY MAVEN
1. Problem Statement: Is it possible to profile the rise of a technology from the ivory tower to the board room by tracking its mentions in academic literature, popular media, startup funding, and job postings?
2. My Audience would be recruiters for companies seeking an edge in hiring the first round of experts in a given piece of technology. Also, my audience can include job-seekers or technolgoy enthusiasts looking to explore the next big thing.
3. Success Metric: Can I successfully integrate multiple sources of data and run time series analysis on them?
4. Data Source: APIs from academic journals, CSVs of job postings, maybe scraping crunch base. Various sources for popular tech blogs/publications. The first and second are straightforward to munge with python, the last two may involve using Beautiful Soup.
5. Potential Challenges include missing data, or general trends in the gross amount of media skewing the profile for how popular a particular topic is
6. It is a bit ambitious, but I have gotten started on collecting data and integrating some data source pipelines.

B) BRAIN HACKING
1. Can time series analysis of EEG be used to predict various mental states? (sleep, meditation, etc.)
2. My audience would be bio-tech enthusiasts looking for a usable algorithm to apply to their headshts
3. Success Metric: My accuracy of classification, successfully dealing with noise
4. Data Source: Mainly CSVs from Academic Institutions or Kaggle. Actually getting an EEG headset would be cool, but unlikely
5. Challenges: Very noisy data, could I get it to work with streaming?
6. This project seems maybe a bit simple, as it is just a time series analysis with well-known algorithms

C) GENETIC
1. How effective can genetic data be in predicting phenotypical traits (such as mental disorder predisposition)?
2. My audience would be people interested in genetics, as well as data scientists and bio-informaticians
3. Success Metric: Incorporating multiple phenotypic traits into a genome-based predictive model
4. I would use https://discover.repositive.io/ for datasets and guidance about how to analyze them.
5. Challenges: Lots of data, noisy, potentially cumbersome for doing real data analysis.
6. This project is definitely ambitious, but it is really interesting. 
